# Template for HL7 Swiss FHIR Implementation Guide
This is a template for creating a HL7 Swiss FHIR implementation guide ([CI Build](http://build.fhir.org/ig/ahdis/ch-ig/branches/master/index.html)).    
As an example, it contains a patient and composition resource with the appropriate structure definitions.

## Creating your own repository from this template
1. On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
2. Above the file list, click **Use this template**. 
3. Use the **Owner** drop-down menu, and select the account you want to own the repository. 
4. Type a name for your repository, and an optional description. 
5. Choose to make the repository either public or private.
6. Optionally, if the personal account or organization in which you're creating uses any GitHub Apps from GitHub Marketplace, select any apps you'd like to use in the repository.
7. Click **Create repository from template**.

See also https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-repository-from-a-template

## Adapt the template to your own implementation guide
* Replace **ig** (e.g. *ch.fhir.ig.**ig*** &rarr; *ch.fhir.ig.**name***) at all appropriate places with the desired **name** of the implementation guide:  
    * Rename all files
    * Rename file content
* Change the content of the file README.md
* Change the value of the publisher (incl. contact) of 'HL7 Switzerland' to the publisher responsible for this implementation guide
* Use the logo of the publisher

### Examples
This implementation guide contains examples of the following structures:
* input\examples
   * Zuweisung (.\composition)
   * Franz Muster (.\patient)

* input\resources
   * Profile for Composition and Patient (.\structuredefinition)
   * Code System (.\codesystem)
   * Value Set (.\valueset)

All this resources are referenced in input\ch.fhir.ig.*ch-ig*.xml.

## Building the IG
* Get the latest IG publisher from https://github.com/HL7/fhir-ig-publisher/releases/latest/download/publisher.jar. 
* Put the publisher.jar in the main directory.
* A local build of the IG can be generated by running `JAVA -jar publisher.jar -ig ig.ini` at the command line.
* See the output:
   * Validation results (QA): .\ch-ig\output\qa.html (link is displayed in the command line)
   * Implementation guide: .\ch-ig\output\index.html (replace qa with index)

## FHIR Implementation Guide Auto-Builder
For further information see [here](https://github.com/FHIR/auto-ig-builder#fhir-implementation-guide-auto-builder).

## Publish the IG
For further information see [here](https://github.com/ahdis/k8s-fhir.ch#publish-an-implementation-guide-ch-xyz-with-a-version-eg-010).
