### Immunization Recommendation

#### Vaccination Schedule
In human medicine, the topic of immunization against diseases, especially in early childhood but also later in life, is a comprehensive but sometimes complex issue.
The Federal Vaccination Commission (FVC) has developed a national vaccination schedule with corresponding vaccination recommendations, which is revised and published annually based on new findings.
The EKIF's recommendations are based on the latest scientific evidence and are intended to ensure the best possible protection for the population against diseases that can be prevented by vaccination.


#### Clinical Decision Support Systems
Based on this set of rules, corresponding electronic algorithms and rules can be created. With the help of these rule systems (Clinical Decision Support System (CDSS)), automatic recommendations can then be generated on the base of structured inputdata  (e.g. the exchange format usdefined here).
These recommendations can be provided in a language that is understandable to specialists, but also in a language that is suitable for patients.
The aim is to enable recommendations and leading to the resulting measures to be implemented in the form of vaccination.

The following diagram illustrates the electronic communication between a data-holding application (e.g., HIS/EMR) and a CDS system.
<div>{% include cds-flow.svg %}</div>

Die vom CDS System erstellte Antwort ist zum einen in reiner strukturierter Form unter der Verwendung der ImmunizationRecommendation resource 
aber auch durch entsprechende textuelle Darstellung bzw. als angehängtes PDF möglich.
Somit können die empfangenden System diese Daten direkt für weiterführende Massnahmen verwenden (Referenzieren) oder auch dem Benutzer direkt in für Menschen leserlichen Form dargestellt werden. Dabei können auch Links auf weitere Informationsquellen angezeigt werden.


The response generated by the CDS system is available in a purely structured form using the ImmunizationRecommendation resource as [Immunization Recommendation Response Message](immunization-recommendation-response-message.html) but also in a corresponding textual representation or as an attached PDF (see i.e. [CDS Hoocks specification](https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/))
This allows the receiving system to use this data directly for further measures (referencing) or to display it directly to the user in a human-readable form. Links to further sources of information can also be displayed.

The received recommendations should not be store in an 


